Suggestion/Notes

## General

### 18-04-2023

- check on your minutes to make sure you are following it

## portfolio

### Before

- [x]Have a column in the portfolio table to reflect problems and a another on how to solve them
- [x]Have technologies you will use in the last column of the table.
- [x]Do media query on your portfolio

### 21-03-2023

- [x]The portfolio to be refurbished and using the css as Muli
- []show us how you have solved the problems on the portfolio(case study)

### 28-03-2023

- []Add a portfolio called backend development.

## Image Processing

### Before

- [x]Major problem was to manage all the photos and videos in the ceremony.
- [x]Get audios for the songs listed in the site.
- [x]Have the audios be a part of images. -[ ] Have a 3 section for your website;
  - Navigation side bar.
  - Website content
  - Video and audio.
- [ ]How will the application show the images has been added.
- [ ]Show some restrictions like size and quality
- [x]Make the conributions autoplay instead of scrolling.
- [x]Check the background on the image on the body, it is obstructing visibility
- [ ]Fix the Navigation
- [x]Remove the bullets and add buttons
- [ ]Make an interactive UI
- [ ]Make the song match
- [x]Deploy to digital ocean
- [x]Work on the sound
- [x]For the navigation, when you go to a page it highlights
- [x]Make sure the videos autoplay when 100 percent visible
- [ ]On the server, the videos are not playing-deployment issues
- [ ]Add animations on list of contributors

### 21-03-2023

- [ ]Identify like 5 case studies- report on the Kaurai ceremony, kibiko wedding, chama and highlight the techniques for processing e.g photoshop

### 28-03-2023

- [ ]figure out the shape and image cropping on clip path so that you can identify the image path.
- [] Change to chama contributors management
- [ ]Use metavisio(carol's) to see how the database model looks like
- [ ]Use Carol's list of contributors to your application
- [ ]Start creating a database for your images
- [ ]on you image db create the following fields: image, url, description

## Livestock Management

- [ ]Add what a user wants with the livestock e.g slaughtering
- [ ]Add tables for slaughter people,transporters and feed suppliers
- [ ]visit livestock market to help database design
- [ ]should have a search functionality

### 21-03-2023

- [ ]for each traders,sellers try to find a specific problem
- [ ]Do more research and give as a report
  - visit 3 times a week(regular visits)
  - visit Ken(chic joint), Dr. Gathur
- [ ]What is it that the system that does, look what it doesn't
- [ ]keep a directory of the people you contact
  -establish relationship
- [ ]Take photos of the forms to help identify gaps

## Database Modelling

### 04-04-2023

mobile

- code : string(3)254
- num : string(10)
- primary:tinyint:null

member

- name:string(10)
- fullname:string(50)

membership(abstract table)

- startdate : datetime
- enddate : datetime

Beneficiary

- no attribute, it has two links one to membership and contributor
- It has identifiers: which member?, what is the contribution
- beneficiary is different from contributor

Contribution

-amount:number
-mpesacode

- to uniquely identify a contribution, you use the event.The event is not sufficient hence you need also a member.MpesaCode is not suitable because a person can have two contributions e.g 250 today and 250 tomorrow(rare case).

Contributor

- Just like the beneficiary ,it links to membership

Event

- name
- description
- date
  - the event is linked to the contribution
  - One event can have many contributions
