# 1. school Research
1.1 [ ] upload to the server the school system  
1.2 [ ] look at how nemis system works  
1.3 [x] change from textbook to school research  
1.4 [x] other ideas , fees transport, exam, lunch  
# 2. Chama  
2.1 [x] Load the beneficiaries to the system.  
2.2 [x] Add a data list to help us do searches.  
2.3 [x] Add start date to every member.  
2.4 [] Add a column selector.  
2.5 [] Add the rest of the data.  
2.6 [x] Add the crown section.  
2.7 [] Add a button for showing detailed and non detailed output  
# 3. shule  
3.1 [] Redesign the showing of regions to take care of empty cases.,  
this retaining the orientation region when there is no data in the body.  
3.2 [] Expand the drop areas for accepting dragged factors,  
so that dropping to empty regions become meaningful. For instance,  
crest and crumb factors can be dropped in the header topmost row.  
header/crumb and body/crest areas are candidates for drop points  
body/label is a natural drop point for crest factors  
body/ crumb can never be a drop point as it is ambiguous.  
filters is a drop point for crown factors  
3.2.1. []In this regard, color code the worksheet to show the type of factors  
(crown, crest or crumb) can be dropped there.  
3.3 [] Complete the 'edit-score' option by implementing the save method using the questionnaire library  
3.4 [] Add option for creating and capturing new exam results by extending the 'edit-score' option  
3.5 [] Add the left and bottom margin summaries,  
thus extending the worksheet. Consider extending the the base and crest ctes to achieve this  
3.6 [] Hide user-selected factor levels from display,  
allowing users to focus on what matters at the time.  
Consider using checkboxes for filter.select options  
3.7 [] Review header styling using multi-technology approach,  
including, detail/summary, grid area+display flex, fieldset, etc.  
3.8 [] Consider the fact that students graduate from one grade to another  
after an year by creating new progressions.  
3.9 [] Try and display chama and oritech data by creating matching  
base ctes and re-using the sheet and query.ts libraries  
# 4. oritech  
4.1 [] Add the invoice table to the database  
4.2 [] Create a query to get the client, site, subscription identifies, and extract the year month and amount from the payment table  
4.3 [] Create a php file for loading the invoice data  
4.4 [] Load subscription cost  
4.5 [] update the loading php file  