# 2023 ROADMAP

## 1. KIAMA KIA MA

    1.1 [ ] Buy me Coffee - Include the Buy me a coffee idea to engage the visitors to your website.
    1.2 [ ] Include what the young men were taught - so that parents can have a point of reference and reinforce what was taught.
      1.2.1 [ ] Get poster from Mr.Muraya - Ask Mr.Muraya to get you the poster for the previous year and add some of the things they were taught or check the certificates handed out to the graduates to get the content taught.
    1.3 [ ] Organize the content into a simpler format - .i.e, an excel sheet to support database integration(PK).
    1.4 [ ] Db modelling - Develop a model for the data in preparation of saving the data into the database.
      1.4.1 [ ] Db modelling - Model the database based on the pages of the data you want to fetch.

## 2. MASHAMBA

    2.1 [ ] Field work - Interact with the surveyor to get a feel of how land data is collected and managed in order to develop a good mashamba website. Think about how you can manage the documents involved in transfer of ownership of lands.
        2.2.1 [ ] Have the save button working.
        2.2.2 [ ] Transcribing - add details to like 5 mutations and title deeds, and have them get displayed on the transcription sectino in the interface.
    2.2 [ ] Provide complementary information about a parcel of land such as:
        - How far it is located from the main road.
        - Days they can take clients to view the land.
        - Proximity to social amenities such as schools and Hospitals.
        - Add information such as electricity and water.
    2.3 Collect data from Dennis's forms which will give you a slight idea of how you will organize the data so that it can be helpful to both the buyer and the seller.

## 3. FITPAL

    3.1 [ ] Collect Data to improve your website.
    3.2 [ ] Develop a Good Webpage, Be more creative and include concepts/aspects of Fitness or a gym, even before you login.
      3.2.1 [ ] You can add an animation of people working out.
    3.3 [ ] Login System using Firebase - Look at the Federated Login Services to support login such Firebase to support Google/Facebook login.
    3.4 [ ] Have  a good database to support all the data.
      3.1.1 [ ] Use the mutall_users.user table for login registration.
      3.1.2 [ ] Avoid colliding colors.
      3.1.3 [ ] Think about presenting the data collected from the gym in the form of a html which you will support the layout of more data as compared to the current chart view.

## 4. KIBEHUB.

    4.1 [ ] Develop your hub.

## 5. DOCUMENTATION.

    5.1 [ ] Update the documentation - Clarify from the interns which sections of the documentation did not work and update the document the document.
      5.1.1 Php Documentation.
      5.1.2 Update xampp documentation there are some steps missing and other arent clear.
      5.1.3 Database connector for Netbeans.
      5.1.4 How to create a new project in Netbeans.

## 6. JOURNAL.

    6.1 [ ]
