## 1.Portfolio

    1.1 [ ] Incorporate a video in your portfolio, describing yourself and the projects you are planning to complete.

    1.2 [ ] Have demos in the other projects.
        - PK added hyperlinks to open his applications from his portfolio but not all applications have been deployed yet.
    1.3 [ ] Ensure that my portfolio follows this pattern. 
               ```
                  $No $Item_id: $one_line_header
                  Problem:$one_line_header
                           $collapsible_multi_detail
                  Objective:$header
                           $collapsible multi_detail
                   $techologies_list_as_icons
                  Find out more:$hyperlink
               ```
## 2. Chat

    2.1 [ ] Have a way to view the previous chats when logged out.
    2.2 [ ] Include other personnel to aid in the frontend part.
    2.3 [ ] Issue with showing the number of users online, problem is the application adds a user when you reload the page and also adds you back when you rejoin the chat.
    2.4 [ ] Send a message using the enter key button.
    2.5 [ ] Integrate the chat system with our library, and what it takes to incorporate it to other systems.
        2.5.1 [ ] Start by integrating the system to our timetable page.
        2.5.2 [ ] (SN) will help you in designing the interface.

    2.6 [ ] How will you incorporate other media like images, emoji etc in your chat system?
        - Currently PK intends to work on sending messages first then incorporate sharing other media in messages later.
    2.7 How can someone send a text to a specific user?
    2.8 How can you incorporate a group chat in future?
    2.9 How can the system identify a user in your system?
        - Currently the application at hand any user can login with a any username, For the new system it will be linked with the mutall_user database which will help in the login identification.
    2.10 Have a search bar to in looking up for words/phrases in the application.
    2.11 [ ] Notifications 
      2.11.1. [ ] Notifications should quietly update the application messages panel as soon as a message is sent. All old chats are visible in the same panel. 

## 3. Image

    3.1 [ ] JK will provide images from his field work, also JK to oversee how things are done.

## 4. Documentation

    4.1 [ ] Have the nav bar interactive, someone should be able to navigate to different section.
    4.2 [ ] Allow Further contribution by Users via the Monaco editor.

## 5. Payment

    5.1 [ ] Help in integrating the Daraja API to James' and George's application
    5.2 [ ] Get Mr. Muraya a personal till number account.
    5.3 [ ] Cash Item for M-PESA till Number.

## 6. Accounting.
    6.1 [ ] Present the QuickBooks initiative jointly with Julius next time.
      6.1.1 [ ] Load the office receipts into Quick books to help in generation of data to be used in filing returns for Mutall Investments Company.

## 7. Migration

    7.1 [ ] Migration of mutall_co rental to DO and updating it to PHP 8.1 to produce invoices in MutallCO.
