# Chat
## Problem
Real-time communication between users has been a problem with the Mutall Outlook/Schema Library.With WebSockets, as a compliment to the existing messaging system .i.e, the Mutall Messaging and Emailing System.The development of the Chat System will enable real time communication and an application that will Rival WhatsApp.
## Plan
Develop a Chat System so well established that it will compete with WhatsApp and our users will instead use the Mutall Chat(For lack of a better naming) instead.
## Outcome
http://206.189.207.206/sockets
# Payment
## Problem
With the introduction of Cashless payments systems such as Mobile Payments and Bank Payments on the go, at Mutall we are faced with the management of transactions made/done on our platform. Introducing and Integrating mobile payments is a good way of managing mobile payments.
## Plan
Develop a payment system that Integrates, M-PESA, EQUITY BANK TRANSFER, and PayPal
## Outcome

# Accounting
## Problem
Handling Transactions within our applications has become a huge problem which has prevented us from managing further payments done within our system.
## Plan
Develop an Accounting system, that can effectively manage the transactions done on our platform.
## Outcome

# Documentation
## Problem
Code Developed 2-3years ago of the MUTALL system has no point of reference. This makes it harder to introduce New Interns into our Library with the aim of enlisting their help to develop the system or utilize the existing framework to develop projects to Solve their Problems.Documenting to Release the tutorials and guidelines will make it easier to onboard Interns and motivate developer across the world to use our Framework.
## Plan
Provide Documentation for our Schema and methods of accessing the Schema directly.Develop a documentation System that allows collaboration through out the documentation process Publish the documented classes & Methods to the world
## Outcome
http://206.189.207.206/documentation/v/monaco/
# Image Management
## Problem
The Mutall Carpark system is a good avenue of image management learning and practise.Currently, there is a pool of image data just waiting to be utilized, and with proven techniques, it is possible to manage the vehicle images and extend their usage to develop an automated system that captures vehicle number plates as they leave or enter the Mutall Business Center.
## Plan
An Image management System that will help us manage Images collected within our carpark system.
## Outcome

# Speech Recognition
## Problem
Transferring audio recordings or podcasts to a word document(transcription) is such a tedious task and in audio with multiple languages, translation becomes a harder task especially if the translator does not understand another language apart from the primary language in the audio.
## Plan
Build a mobile/web application that will allow users to generate audio transcriptions from multiple ethnicities.
## Outcome

# Portfolio
## Problem
Exposing visible projects to the world is a not possible by just showing code from Github. Sure, developers will know from the webpage, but my primary focus is how I solved a problem, and that way, I can get more clients to help promote my skills as I solve problems relevant to their businesses.
## Plan
Build a portfolio web app that will illustrate my problem solving capacity and capability in identifying and solving real world problems.
## Outcome
Demonstrations will also be part of the illustrating the solved problems packaged within either a mobile or web application.
# Migration
## Problem
Before the migration of our Library to PHP 8.1 , all our applications ran on PHP 7.4. Mutall Rental was hosted on a server that caused us issues, every now and then. Further more, we wanted to move to our DO server, and do away with our CO server. To this effect, the migration to DO from MutallCO and to PHP 8.1 from PHP 7.4 became wanting
## Plan
Migrate the Mutall Rental from Mutall CO, to Digital Ocean. Upgrade Mutall Rental to work with PHP8.1 and deploy it on Digital Ocean. Later On, upgrade the MutallCO server to work with typescript and our library
## Outcome

# Intern Support
## Problem
All our Interns / Attache's need to come to us with little to no knowledge of computing, and it is our job as Mutall Data Managers to help them cultivate good Data Management practices
## Plan
Provide progressive support to interns in terms of Debugging, Motivation, Way forward, and help them become better developers using Standard Mutall Data Managers Operating procedures. Eventually, and with time, they will become professional data Managers
## Outcome

