#

## 1. Portfolio
//Shallon: toggle between tabular and label layout
//Clarify terminlogies:portfolio and and kunguhub. There seems to be a mixup. My understanding is that portfolio is part of kunguhub



1.1 [ ] Incorporate a video in your portfolio, describing yourself and the projects you are planning to complete.

1.2 [x] Have demos in the other projects.

1.2.1 [x] PK added hyperlinks to open his applications from his portfolio but not all applications have been deployed yet.

1.3 [x] Ensure that my portfolio follows this pattern.

## 2. Chat

2.1 [x] Have a way to view the previous chats when logged out. By Saving the chat to the database

2.2 [x] Issue with showing the number of users online, problem is the application adds a user when you reload the page and also adds you back when you rejoin the chat.

2.3 [x] Integrate the chat system with our library, and what it takes to incorporate it to other systems.

2.4 [x] Integrate the to Chat system such that it is accessible from our timetable

2.6.1 [x] Start by integrating the system to our timetable page.

2.6.2 [ ] (SN) will help you in designing the interface.

2.7 [ ] How will you incorporate other media types like images, emoji etc in your chat system? - Currently PK intends to work on sending messages first then incorporate sharing other media in messages later.

2.8 Have a search bar to in looking up for words/phrases in the application.

2.9 [ ] Notifications

2.9.1. [ ] Enable ssl in the server to allow notifications in the system.

2.9.2. [ ] Notifications should quietly update the application messages panel as soon as a message is sent. All old chats are visible in the same panel.
//What is holding the ssl
//Support Simon to setup his serve/client socket
//Make your chat standalone
//saving chats?


## 3. Image Processing



3.1 [ ] JK will provide images from his field work, also JK to oversee how things are done.
//Demonstrate your python code plus James title deed


3.1.1 Have a demo on the next meeting.

## 4. Documentation

4.1 [x] Have the nav bar interactive, someone should be able to navigate to different section.

4.2 [x] Allow Further contribution by Users via the Monaco editor.

4.3 [x] Deployment of the Monaco.

## 5. Payment

5.1 [ ] Help in integrating the Daraja API to James' and George's application

5.2 [ ] Get Mr. Muraya a personal till number account.

5.3 [ ] Cash Item for M-PESA till Number.
//Important for buy me coffee
//Clarify why it cannot be used.

## 6.Accounting.

6.1 [ ] Present the QuickBooks initiative jointly with Julius next time.

6.1.1 [ ] Office receipts to be loaded into Quick books to help in generation of data to be used in filing returns for Mutall Investments Company.
//What is the position?
## 7. Migration

7.1 [ ] Migration of mutall_co rental to DO and updating it to PHP 8.1 to produce invoices in MutallCO.
//Report on where we are, where we are...revisiting queries ..when it's going...relationship with what muli is doing?
//Muli complains not busy...
Arrange for a joint session
//Mogaka has migration issue


//Internship support, Annes need for python...say something
//Suggestion for hands on job for Anne


