# 2023 ROADMAP
___
- On this date, James introduced from his portfolio, his objectives for 2023. The applications he intends to develop include :-

  - The Kiama Kia Ma Website(KKM).
  - The Mashamba website
  - A journal Application
  - A fitness Tracker.
  - Documentation.

- Following the discussion, suggestions, and questions were provided per application.

### GENERAL SUGGESTION

- [ ] Have a common template for each of the website.
- [ ] Use a better Photograph.
- [ ] Make the page lively, include a video or an animation on your webpage.
- [ ] Methods of how to solve this problem is not brought out more clearly. You have added the problem statement, but the method of how to solve the current problem you are facing is not brought out, and therefore, we cannot provide a way forward.
- [ ] The background of the information is not featured properly.
- [ ] Develop a CSS that is suitable for projection.
- [ ] Support the applications with Data which will support the development of the Databases.
- [ ] Provide more information(Data) which will act as an eye opener to each Interface you develop.

## 1. KIAMA KIA MA

**PROBLEM STATEMENT**

  - The Kiama Kia Ma KAJIADO group has a lot of content that they are trying to manage and with the website, they should be able to manage the content.
    - From the National Level, there are many others Kiama's within Central and the current one, is at Kajiado. There are offices and officials at all levels.
    - The group has a lot of events such as the rite of passage and the election of group officials events that occur annually.
    - To complete this website, the website needs to develop or coordinate the system

**QUESTIONS**
  - Is the Kiama Kia Ma Website for all the groups in the Country?
    - No. It currently supports/manages content from the Kajiado County group and on a larger scale, the website should also manage content from all groups.
  - Focus on the

### SUGGESTIONS

    1.1. [ ] Have a good template for allowing you to manage your content properly. You can investigate content management systems such as Drupal or Wordpress.
    1.2. [ ] Make the website attractive and easier to use. Add animation, use a background suitable for projection.
    1.3. [x] Redesign the page to have a Navigation bar that will make the website easier to use. This way you will have a chance of engaging the users.
    1.4. [ ] Include the Buy me a coffee idea to engage the visitors to your website.
    1.5. [x] Move the navigation to the right, rather than on the left.
    1.6. [ ] Include what the young men were taught, so that parents can have a point of reference and reinforce what was taught.
    1.7. [ ] Layout the organizational chart(groups) in a horizontal manner to support more and more usages.
    1.8. [ ] Organize the content into a simpler format to support integration.

## 2. MASHAMBA

    - Currently using dummy images.

- **QUESTIONS**
  - For the Mashamba Website, it is an advertisement for all Sellers?(CW)
    - It is for a Single seller who will sell to a lot of customers.
  - Is there some extra information about the land, because there is a alot of information needed before purchasing a piece of Land?
    - No. But should anyone need some extra information, they can call the seller for additional information.

#### SUGGESTIONS

    2.1. [ ] You can have some description about the property such as:-
      2.1.1. - [ ] How far it is located from the main road.
      2.1.2. - [ ] Days they can take clients to view the land.
      2.1.3. - [ ] Proximity to social amenities such as schools and Hospitals.
      2.1.4. - [ ] Add information such as electricity and water.
    2.2. [ ] Look at what Dennis and Kimotho were doing with regard to Real Estate.
      2.2.1. - Borrow the good Ideas from that project.
      2.2.2. - Get a feel of the data model and view the attributes that you might need.
    2.3. [ ] Think about how you can manage the documents involved in transfer of ownership of lands.
    2.4. [ ] Collect data from Dennis's forms which will give you a slight idea of how you will organize the data so that it can be helpful to both the buyer and the seller.
    2.5. [ ] Interact with the surveyor (field work) to get a feel of how land data is collected and managed in order to develop a good mashamba website.

## 3. FITPAL

- **QUESTIONS**
  - Is there a Database for supporting the Registration process?

### SUGGESTIONS

    3.1. [ ] Develop a Good Webpage, Be more creative and include concepts/aspects of Fitness or a gym, even before you login.
      3.1.1. - [ ] You can add an animation of people working out.
    3.2. [ ] Look at the Federated Login Services to support login such Firebase to support Google/Facebook login.
    3.3. [x] Go to the gym and Collect Data to improve your website.
    3.4. [ ] Have  a good database to support all the data.
      3.4.1. [ ] Use the mutall_users.user table for login registration.
      3.4.2. [ ] Avoid colliding colors.
      3.4.3. [ ] Think about presenting the data collected from the gym in the form of a html which you will support the layout of more data as compared to the current chart view.

## 4. JOURNAL APP

### SUGGESTIONS

    4.1. [ ] Develop your hub with the premise of the Journal App. This will support you in the management of your day to day operations.

## 5. DOCUMENTATION

### SUGGESTIONS

    5.1. [x] Add the Documentation to the web, specifically into tracker, since it is designed to support new interns.
    5.2. [x] Add the documentation for how to upload files and how to use fileZilla.