# Timetable & Minutes
## Problem
Minutes not well recorded and timetable needs improvement - The timetable does not display specific presenters for a day, The minutes are not well recorded.
## Plan
Standardisation of minutes and improve the timetable - Display a specific presenter on the timetable. Make sure all the minutes are standardised. Split the presenter and the date. Record keeping for all presenters
## Outcome
Well recorded minutes and improved timetable - The timetable clearly displays who is required to present at a particular date. Minutes are well written and easily tracked
# Personal goals
## Problem
Improve my academics and skills - There is no clear indication of my goals in 2 years from my undergraduate. Think in terms of progressing with education,employability or starting a business.
## Plan
Think of ways to achieve my goals in 2 years - Develop a personal project in an area that I have interest. Think about future eductaion goals i.e Masters and Certtification programmes
## Outcome
A developed solution to an identified problem, Start a Masters Program in an year and do more certifications after graduation
# Ranics
## Problem
Improve the data quality - No queries for checking data quality. The data is not being used sufficiently.
## Plan
Write queries to check on data - Query the ranics database and check on the ranics software, Check whether Elias is following good data capturing practise
## Outcome
 Improved data quality and utilised properly - Improved data quality. Data is being used properly
# Metavisio
## Problem
Metavisio not accessible from the timetable - Metavisio is not deployed
## Plan
To deploy metavisio
## Outcome
Have a working metavisio application that is will be used by all interns
# Support for interns
## Problem
Interns not accustomed to work environment
## Plan
Give help to interns - Help them in in their assignments and guiding them
## Outcome
Interns get used to work environment - The interns learn from their attachment
# Portfolio
## Problem
There is no hub which is like a main website which things related to my details, work and skills.
## Plan
Develop a hub with all the details - Add the portfolio to the hub. Add own minutes to the hub. Add own projects to the hub. Add personal details to the hub.
## Outcome
A functional Sharonhub with all the details - A hub to showcase my works and details.
